Friends give me help
when I need them the most.
They make me laugh; they give me
practical assistance whenever I need them.
They’re just a real source of joy in my life.
When I see my dear friends
going through difficult times
but still serving Jehovah
—that really encourages me with my trials.
Friendship—it just enhances
and enriches a person’s life.
I don’t think that friendship is
something that I find too natural.
I’m shy by nature; I’m hesitant by nature;
I feel inadequate by nature.
In my mind, Baruch was simply
Jeremiah’s secretary.
I had never considered
that after spending so much time together,
it would have allowed them
to draw closer as friends.
When I studied the article
about Jeremiah and Baruch,
it made me reflect
on friendships that I have.
When you work together for Jehovah,
it takes your friendship to another level.
Jehovah’s people will have
a depth and a dimension to their friendships
that will not be shared
by those who are not serving Jehovah.
In the article, I really loved
the point about communication.
Being open with others
allows them to be open with you,
and that just allows
a friendship to flourish.
I can have a very bad view of myself.
I appreciated the reminder
that you will see the bad side of any friend
—that’s just normal.
But good friends
remind you of your good side.
That is like Jehovah talking and reminding me
how much I’m loved by him.
I’d heard that Keith, an older brother,
was returning to Britain
for some medical treatment.
He was much loved—deeply respected.
You try to picture, to imagine
what’s going through his mind
—his fears and anxieties.
I felt very inadequate, but I realized
that it would be the loving
and kind thing to do to speak to him.
So we spent some time together; we talked.
I felt honored just to say a prayer
with someone like that.
I was really touched by Keith’s response.
He clearly and deeply appreciated that,
and I felt thrilled to have done
just a little something
that helped and supported him.
I’ve worked with someone
that I never expected
to become very close to.
Charlotte
—she’s the opposite of me,
but I came to realize quite early on
that she’s an amazing listener.
Charlotte is more than a friend
—she’s now family.
I love my family very, very much.
At the moment, I’m the only one in my family
who is one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
but I’ve never felt that I was truly alone.
Jehovah has always provided brothers,
sisters, mothers (you know), uncles, aunties.
He’s always given me everyone that I needed.
I feel that I’ve had a lesson
powerfully reinforced
of the blessings of genuine friendship.
When we make an effort
just to give Jehovah a little something,
he can add his blessing.
In my experience, the person you don’t expect
actually turns out to be
a very special friend.
When you work
with different brothers and sisters,
you really appreciate
that they are gifts from Jehovah.
“And he will give all of you into our hand.”
Working hard for Jehovah and being genuine
—that will attract
other brothers and sisters.
We will never forget the friendships
that we make right now.
Jehovah will use those friendships
to help us through the great tribulation.